docs: add a documentation page detailing ESLint NgRx plugin and how to use it (#3208)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/store/recipes/eslint-plugin.md

# ESLint plugin for NgRx

## What is it?

Use [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) to follow the best practices and to avoid common pitfalls in your application.

The [NgRx ESLint Plugin]((https://github.com/timdeschryver/eslint-plugin-ngrx)) is no different and promotes the key concepts to create a maintainable project. It consists of @ngrx/store, @ngrx/effects, and @ngrx/component-store rules and a handful of preconfigured configurations.

For more information, see the [documentation page](https://github.com/timdeschryver/eslint-plugin-ngrx/blob/main/README.md).

The plugin comes with a number of rules that help address most popular NgRx malpractices. The rules are configurable so that every developer can choose which ones they necessarily want to follow, and which ones should givbe a linting error or warning, and so on. A detailed documentation of all the rules with examples can be found [here](https://github.com/timdeschryver/eslint-plugin-ngrx/tree/main/docs/rules). Some rules also allow automatic fixes with `ng lint --fix`.

## Installation

### Adding with NgRx

> If you use `ng add @ngrx/store` to install NgRx itself, and you already use ESLint, the schematic will automatically add the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `ng add @ngrx/store` to install NgRx itself, and you already use ESLint, the schematic automatically adds the plugin.
```

### Installing with `ng add`

If you've already have @ngrx/store installed, you can add the plugin manually with the following command:

```sh
ng add eslint-plugin-ngrx
```

This uses configures and enables the recommended rules.

### Installing with `npm`

You can also do a manual installation. If you don't have a TypeScript parser for ESLint, install it with the following command:

```sh
npm install @typescript-eslint/parser --save-dev
```

Then, add the plugin itself:

```sh
npm install eslint-plugin-ngrx --save-dev
```

Then, add it to your ESLint configuration file (for example, `.eslintrc.json`):

```json
{
  "parser": "@typescript-eslint/parser",
  "parserOptions": {
    "ecmaVersion": 2019,
    "project": "./tsconfig.json",
    "sourceType": "module"
  },
  "plugins": ["ngrx"],
  "rules": {
    "ngrx/select-style": "error"
  }
}
```

To enable the recommended configuration, add it to your ESLint configuration file.

```json
{
  "extends": ["plugin:ngrx/recommended"]
}
```

Then you can run 

```sh
ng lint
```

> And see the problems that the linter will find.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And see the problems that the linter found.
```
